feat(queues): add doc for Queues product (#4801)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/queues/api-cli/python-node-queues.mdx

```python
for i in range (0,10):
  queue.send_message(MessageBody="Hello World: "+str(i))
```

### Receive messages from this queue (Python)

```python
for message in queue.receive_messages():
  print(message.body)
  message.delete()
```

## Node.js

### Connect to Scaleway Queues (NodeJS)

Here, we use the `@aws-sdk/client-sqs` module, which is the latest SDK available.
Import the required module:
```javascript
const { SQSClient, SendMessageCommand, CreateQueueCommand, ReceiveMessageCommand } = require("@aws-sdk/client-sqs");
// If you use ES6 syntax
// import  { SQSClient, SendMessageCommand, CreateQueueCommand, ReceiveMessageCommand } from "@aws-sdk/client-sqs"; 
```

The following code sample shows how to connect to Scaleway Queues:

```javascript
var sqsClient = new SQSClient({
  credentials: {
    accessKeyId: SQS_ACCESS_KEY_ID,
    secretAccessKey: SQS_ACCESS_KEY
  },
  region: "par",
  endpoint: SQS_ENDPOINT,
})
```

<Message type="note">
  The `endpoint_url` for Scaleway Queues is `https://sqs.mnq.fr-par.scaleway.com`. For the access and secret key values, use the credentials you [generated](/queues/how-to/create-credentials/) for Scaleway Queues.
</Message>

> Once connected, you can use any of the SDK's functions as long as they're [supported by Scaleway Queues](/queues/reference-content/sqs-support/). Refer to AWS's [official documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/latest/AWS/SQS.html) for more information, or read on to see some examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once connected, you can use any of the SDK's functions as long as they are [supported by Scaleway Queues](/queues/reference-content/sqs-support/). Refer to AWS's [official documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSJavaScriptSDK/latest/AWS/SQS.html) for more information, or read on to see some examples.
```
